Update release actions and notes for 1.2.0 (#851)
eclipse-pass/main: docs/roadmap.md

# [Completed Releases](release-notes.md)

## 1.3.0

> This release will focus enhancing the NIHMS interface and security. There will be maintenance to address technical debt and bug fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release will focus on enhancing the interfaces to NIHMS and on application security. As usual, there will also be updates to address technical debt and fix a few bugs.
```

* Design and implementation of NIHMS error handling of deposits
* Add funder and grant information on NIHMS deposits
* Address and remediate security vulnerabilities
* Investigate simplifying pass-proxy and pass-auth and merging into pass-core

> * Various bug fixes and IT/Acceptance Test improvements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improvements to integration and acceptance tests
* Various bug fixes
```
